Right after the logo on the number we have the big background image as well as we have feature product
where there's gonna be three products house blend French rose as well as Colombian rose and in each
of them was gonna have some kind of link that will gonna go to Wikipedia.
And as you can see it can open up in the new tab.
Now at the very end we're gonna have here this whole paragraph with a copyright.
Remember a special agent female character and then back to the tablet.
So first of all let's start working on all this.
So let's say there's a right after the navigation more or more we would like to get our first big image.
So how do we do that.
Well first of all we would need to get an image right.
So we're gonna say I am G.
And now we're looking for the source.
And again we need to navigate the images folder and there we're gonna have our big background image.
Now what else can we add here.
Well let's say first that we would like to add alternative text and let's say coffee beans.
And this is going to be met.
Now as you notice right now the images are obviously big.
We didn't adjust anything.
And also let's check it out in the bigger browser window just so it's how it looks.
Now as you can see there's two issues right now so for the smaller screen.
Notice the image is way too big.
However on a bigger screen it's not big enough.
It's basically not spanning all across.
Now in order to fix this usually with the work we had to assess however in our case since we haven't
looked at the CSX we can do a tiny tiny little trick where remember we had the width and then previously
will work with with only with pixels.
When we were actually adding let's say hundred pixels here or something like this we also have an option
of using the percentages.
So instead of using pixels I'm going to add the hundred percent.
And what happens right now the image is actually responsive.
So notice on the small screen the image is exactly big enough for the whole screen instead of spanning
it outside of the screen.
And for the big screen notice.
Now it's actually spanning all across.
So essentially what we did is we made this image responsive again.
Normally we're gonna do this within the CSX but again just because it's a little bit annoying I just
add it here.
This whatever two lines of code or with an attribute basically OK.
Now what we have next.
Well let's maybe create next a line break.
Just so there there's some space in between and then I would like to start by placing having one.
So I'm going to say had one and here on the right featured featured.
Let's say product.
So this is going to be my heading.
Now after having one again let's add another windbreak and maybe right after the Lindberg let's start
using the comments since there is gonna be three featured projects and all of them are going to be their
own product.
So I would have liked to have some kind of distinction of what is in there.
So let's say first this is gonna be the house blend and for the house blend we'll start by heading to.
So then add a hearing to right here and let's say house blend and we're gonna be looking for the coffee.
Let me say this.
And this is what I have here on the right hand side.
Okay moving on I would like to place an image that I'm going to say image.
Again we're gonna be looking for the source of the images.
And now we have to look for the house.
Now what else.
Well we can always add the house blend like this and say that there's going to be alternative text.
So if the images is not available or we can have displayed then there's gonna be alternative text.
Now this is going to be my image.
Now what else.
Well I would like to have the paragraph let's say for the paragraph there is gonna be a text of I don't
know twenty five words 50 words it doesn't really matter.
Can just add some kind of power now the moment I'm gonna say this this is gonna look nice on the small
screen right.
As you can see right now however the issue is on a bigger screen.
It is really annoying.
If I see these lines like this again this is something we will gonna do would see SS But just because
it does annoy me hell a lot.
What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add a new attribute that we haven't covered that yet and that is the
style attribute.
Again you're not going to use this later on once you learn to assess.
But for now this is gonna help us a little bit.
So within the assess this is basically a inline CSF.
And again you don't need to remember this property you're going to learn it later on within the sense
anyway but here I can just say with property and I'm gonna set it equal to 50 percent.
So I'm going to say equals to 50 percent again please don't worry about the syntax for now.
We all gonna cover this and say assessing this is a very very basic CSF syntax but it would involve
gonna help us though because now I have my paragraph.
It's only spanning 50 percent and it's going to look much more better on a bigger screen.
Again it's really up to you.
You can just skip this style attribute and just have the normal paragraph but I'm just going to chew
it choose to do it this way.
Then last but not least there's gonna be some type of link so I'm going to say having three and within
the heading three I would like to have the link now for the link.
Again we're gonna have to use some kind of attribute meaning the age of attribute where this link is
gonna be going in our case we can either copy and paste it from the URL after we search for Wikipedia
or since I know that this is gonna be my Euro I can write a really deep yes then two forward slashes
then I believe W then we're looking for Vicky PDA Org so dot org and then let's add another forward
site however since I would like to open this up in the new tab meaning I wouldn't want the user to navigate
away from our page can you not target attribute and set it equal to underscore blank and let's call
this details.
So this would be the name of doing now once we save it what do we have.
So we have our house blend and then we have also the details.
So if we're going to click on a link not check it out what will go on.
Well for now what's happening is that this is navigating away from our page.
And the reason for that is as you can see I have a very small but at the end of the day very important
error because this is not a target that should be target.
As you can see how easy it is to make actually a mistake.
Let me now get back maybe let me refresh.
Just to make sure everything is working correct.
And now we're opening up obviously in the correct Wikipedia.
Now if you want to go any maybe further you can write coffee so maybe let's search in Wikipedia for
coffee and then you are going to have a different URL.
So maybe if you really like you can just copy and paste this your URL where you're gonna be for a coffee.
No I'm not going to do that.
I'm just gonna leave mine or the general Wikipedia but if you would like to do that obviously you just
need to copy and paste this you know.
Okay.
So so far so good.
So we have our first product our first feature product now next.
What I would like to do is just copy and paste this because there's gonna be three of them.
However I don't see the point of rewriting everything from scratch.
If we can just copy and paste and create two more here I'm gonna say copy and we're going to copy and
paste.
So this is gonna be our I believe French Roast.
And the last one is gonna be Colombia.
Now once we are done with copying then we just need to start changing the values.
So obviously here we're not gonna be looking for a house blend gonna be French roast.
Then also the image we're gonna have to be different.
So let's say that not a house with coffee French roast as well as remember image.
So again let me look for the images and within the images we have the French Roast.
And last but not least we have the alternative attribute French.
Okay.
That would be our second one and the last one a third but not the least one is gonna be our Colombian.
But remember we can just keep this.
However we would like.
Meaning we can keep the link the same way.
But you know what I would like to add though maybe two more line breaks after the end of the each of
the items because I think is just gonna make a little bit more sense if they're going to be separated
a little bit.
So let me grab these two values here as well.
Uh where we have Dan and I think it's right here.
Let's copy these guys as well as at the end of the third link.
And also just gonna add these line breaks.
Like I said we still need to change this Colombian so Columbian bean and roast roast are.
You know what.
I can just maybe copy paste this maybe it's gonna be a little bit faster let me delete the title there.
And we're also going to be looking for damage.
So again I'm not a forward slash and sure enough we have Colombian and yeah I think the last thing just
would be changing this alternative.
Now what is that the very very end of our homepage that would be our simple paragraph.
And let me show you again.
Maybe we already forgot what you had.
And by the way we can see right now.
How old are page would look like on a bigger browser window.
But at the very bottom we have our copyright 2019 and link back to the top.
Okay.
Now for the link back to the top maybe a little bit more line breaks here.
Just because it's going to look a little bit better.
And then here we're gonna have the paragraph within the paragraph there's gonna be copyright next.
Let me save this.
Let me show you.
This is where we typing the paragraph.
And then again let's use the special ed name character.
Notice how.
Remember it was the ampersand.
Then the name of it.
And in our case that was copy.
And let's just say the year which would be 2019.
Now if you're watching this in the future let's say 2000 whatever.
Obviously right whatever year you're currently at.
And last but not least we're all going to be looking forward to having having three that we'll going
to include link back to the top.
Now for the link again we're gonna have to have the trip.
And then here we would need to navigate to a logo.
So somewhere off the very top we're gonna have to create an I.D. or element with some kind of I.D. that's
gonna match log and here let's just write back to to top.
This is gonna be my text.
Now what's happening right now is we don't have anything here that has the logo.
I'm sorry the idea of Logo.
So what I would like to do right now is for my image my logo image.
I'm just gonna add the D and we're gonna set this equal to logo now moment.
We're gonna save this.
Check this out.
I'm gonna scroll over and we're gonna click on it.
We will gonna scroll all the way to the top so we're gonna navigate to the top of the page.
And yeah we maybe should just check it out in a bigger browser window make sure that everything is working.
Back to the top is fine.
And now I can start working on our about page.